Add Set NativeCompute Timing (#11025)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/04-tactics/11023-nativecompute-timing.rst

> - The command :g:`Set NativeCompute Timing` causes calls to

Reviewer: Why not 
```suggestion
- The flag :flag:`NativeCompute Timing` causes calls to
```
